Oh cute too little skaters and they're
ghetto shop nun jus video a chair pretty
good I guess kids did that goofy soul
skating crap I told waiting all right I
half a mil right now I got my checkbook
I told you it was never about the money
that's right I forgot mr. Buell I should
have fixed you back in tampa tell it to
your posse we're through I got
everything I need he just broke up with
him remember Hawaii building jump
helicopter that was some sick footage
too bad no one ever saw it backstabbing
mop but being copied hey what do you say
oh one last trip around the neighborhood
yeah we know chase the tape I'm just
going down all right so I handle it
Hawaii footage
Oh
you serious you mr. Ollie will be sent
back to jersey in a coffee can Todd said
he wants something big this is it whoa
epic
epicness whoa that's freaking awesome
I did that
alright
whoa
oh yeah look at that oh my god would I
say those time to kick in the toddy
smooth boy about that hey you know what
for a fat guy out swype that much more
confident Oh we'll go funny we'll go
funny yeah sure the needle but moves
like a sewing machine yeah a little
tweak on that one that'll work that's
good that's good check pits sweat stains
dump mustache Wow hello ladies nice legs
what time do they open even on the
seeker level
what did I beat the game take a beat the
game oh I beat the game oh yes a bit
game thank you for watching the
walkthrough is over now thank you for
watching I know that was very short and
yeah I hope you guys enjoy so you guys
can wash it until my camera does
does everybody love seeing who made this
game she's skateboarding on a treadmill
thank you for watching sorry took so
long for me to actually finish this and
yeah